CANDY INFORMATION:

1. Bubble Bottles
A sweet twist on the classic Cola Bottle. Bubble gum flavoured gummy candies in the shape of small colourful bottles with a sugar coating. Price is per 100 grams. $2

2. Fruit Rings
Sugar coated rings in tasty fruit flavours. Price is per 100 grams. $2

3. Fuzzy Peaches
A mild sour candy that is soft and chewy. Bold delicious Peach flavour in every piece! Price is per 100 grams. $2

4. Cadbury Fruit & Nut
Signature Cadbury Dairy Milk Chocolate with Raisins and Almonds.

5. Cadbury Hazelnut
Signature Cadbury Dairy Milk with Hazelnuts.

6. Cadbury Mini Eggs
The Easter classic available all year here at the Candy Store. Delicious Cadbury Milk Chocolate in a crisp Candy Shell.

7. 1/2″ Rainbow Jawbreakers
Small colourful Jawbreakers, assorted fruit flavours. Price is per 100 grams. 100 grams is approximately 1/4 of a pound  or a scoop full!

8. Betty Boop Candy Necklace
A must-have for any kid or kid at heart. Candy Jewellery. Colourful pressed powder candies strung on an elastic band. Betty Boop on the package. All edible and fashionable.

9. Candy Corn
The classic Halloween treat – available year-round. Melts in your mouth with the delicious taste of sugar. Price is per 100 grams. 100 grams is approximately 1/4 of a pound  or a scoop full!

10. Candy Stripe Fruit Punch
Barber Pole style candy striped Lollipop, Fruit Punch flavor.

11. Dubble Bubble Bubble Gum singles
Individually twist wrapped “Chunk gum” in Original, Apple, Grape and Watermelon flavors.

12. Hubba Bubba Max Strawberry Watermelon
Big Bubbles, No Troubles! An outrageous flavor combination you can see. Strawberry Watermelon soft chew Bubble Gum.

13. Ice Breakers Sours Lemon Raspberry Pomegranate
Refresh your mouth with Ice Breakers Sours! These smooth, crisp mints are the only mints with cooling flavour crystals, so you can actually see the great taste! Sours offer a mouth-watering, fruit-flavoured treat with an intensely sour and pleasantly sweet combination of Lemon, Raspberry and Pomegranate - specially picked to refresh your mouth.

14. M&M’s Peanut
Peanuts inside Milk Chocolate in a colorful Candy Shell.

15. Pebble Candy
Like a large Jelly Bean. Sweet and chewy inside with a hard candy shell that looks like a colourful rock. Price is per 100 grams. 100 grams is approximately 1/4 of a pound  or a scoop full!

16. Rainbow Nerds Theatre size
A big box packed with big flavour filled taste sensations. The tiny, tangy, crunchy candy that you eat in your own way. Comes in a rainbow of assorted flavours.

17. 1 1/2″ Jawbreaker with Gum Center
1 1/2″ Jawbreaker with a Gum Center in assorted colours. Comes in Blue, Orange, White or Red. Individually wrapped. 

18. Assorted Sugar Free Salt Water Taffy NSA
A delicious assortment of Sugar Free Salt Water Taffy. Price is per 100 grams. 100 grams is approximately 1/4 of a pound  or a scoop full!

19. Butterscotch Disks
Butterscotch flavoured hard candy, sweet all the way to the middle. Price is per 100 grams. 100 grams is approximately 1/4 of a pound  or a scoop full!

20. Airhead Sour Rainbow Belts
Beautiful, chewy, bright and colourful. These Rainbow belts are a delicious sour Strawberry flavour and a beautiful array of bright and fun colours. Long belts are perfect for all kinds of decorating. We use them to finish off our Store-made Gummy Cups. With a addicting chew and sour sugar coating you can’t go wrong with Airhead Sour Rainbow belts. Price is per 100 grams. 100 grams is approximately 1/4 of a pound  or a scoop full!


SOURCE: http://www.nantoncandy.com